fix typos ch7+ (#41)
soupi/learn-haskell-blog-generator: src/07-environment.md

After filling this record with the requested information, we can pass it as
input to any function that might need it. This is a simple approach that can definitely

> work for small projects. But when the project gets bigger and many

Reviewer: Not always :)
```suggestion
work for small projects. But sometimes when the project gets bigger and many
```

As we can see in the definition, `ReaderT` is *a newtype* over a function that takes
some value of type `r`, and returns a value of type `m a`. The `r` usually

> represents the environment we want to share between the nested functions,

Reviewer: I'm not sure that nested is the right term here, so I'll default to the original phrasing with a slight tweak. 
```suggestion
represents the environment we want to share between functions that we want to compose,
```

and the `m a` represents the underlying result that we return.
The `m` could be any type that implements `Monad` that we are familiar with.
Usually it goes well with `IO` or `Identity`, depending on if we want to share
an environment between effectful or uneffectful computations.

> What `ReaderT` does is to *carry* a value of type `r` and pass it around to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ReaderT` *carries* a value of type `r` and passes it around to
```
